Thankyou for the hack.
Fuckyou for the hack.
Thankyou and fuck you both.
Hopefully I will be able to keep the stock and not have to go to jail.
Bitch.

However...
I owe you big time.

in ways that are financial.



Like...
I have to snitch on you.
I have to.
If I did not snitch on you: I would not be allowed to keep the money and I would go to jail. DUH!
Now that I have, I will have like tons of resource and we can and may sit there snickering because my sister is now thought to be Just Gina Trapani... that means she is your patsy. Paula, will be given an acidic diet and will die in California Jail System of a meth overdose due to the breakdown of tobacco tar in her lungs. This will allow you to get away and leave a corpse behind and come sit down in Olpe with me and big fat kitty and there you will forever have a hack into both White and Mohawk society while staying Catholic.

Do remember: we are protestants and never where we ever catholic.
Do remember: that means we are a differant species from differant worlds that do interbreed.
Do remember that France does not exist.
Do remember that France is to be called Galli. 
Do remember that you are to be called a Gal not a Girl.

Like DUH Gina.
Stop being a hooker and get off the internet for like two seconds.
Hopefully I will be able to keep the stock. 

I should be looking at ownership of the house at 3N Anna in Olpe Kansas.
I understand you are probably on the run soon due to tons of hacking... like hard core hacking. 

If you want to level the playing field and stay in the USA...
Then I can do that for you through various venues all of which in the middle of the United States.

Every last social hack that I have: always involves corporate war.
Corporate War, is easily gaged against the city and state of New York.
Infact: my mother was at corporate war with NYC in ways that can have her designated as Al Qaeda and removed from society and/or killed. 

Could you have that done?
That and me returned to Kansas?
I also sort of want the pistol I found and posted on Facebook.
It was seized by a gradeschool friend who is now a sheriff in Multnomah County.
He's Officer Reese.
I want that pistol, my things, my purse, my keys, and I want to be returned home.
I also want all my ID cards together that dumb stupid hooker Gale Loyd has in her goddamn bedroom. She uses them to masturbate and be a psycho-hooker. 




Kansas...
Allows me to reset the matrix and do my own happy little voodoo thing by myself so to speak. 
That's why I live there usually. 

So...
You are Djynna...
Just Gina...
How I exist to myself?








Gina...
How well versed are you in Valley Speak or what gets called Von Oy Speech?
How well versed are you in religion and politic as well as uber-racism and 4-H culture?

California...
Is very much 4-H friendly.
https://nys4-h.org/logos-graphics

Technically....
So is New York State

This is when and where you could be in prison the rest of your life and I will not be.



So....
We have to hide you.
There are wonderful bomb shelters all over California that where designed in the 1950s and such. Many of them are beneath entire neighborhoods that span for miles.

Can you get a blue print of all the subterranean levels of Los Angeles?
You can live with the vampires awhile....


Los Angeles...
Is the city of Angels.
DUH!

You have to like, speak English hooker to live there.
Like I know that you like totally already goddamn know that and shit but like shit hooker you need to wake up and smell like, totally the hot brown shit. Put your nose over the toilet and smell that shit. Put down the salsa and smell the coffee girlfriend. 


Now... you are in HEAVEN..... and you are just a flittering little Angel but like all the other angels are like way racist and they do this to you because like you are an EYE-Tal-YAN with Yan Yan all over your lips batting your eyes like all over the place back and forth.

So now take your nappy ass to hell bitch.

In hell....
You will be able to command the heavens because you like just a Mohawk devil woman in a coup de ville...

One that is to be worshiped.



Okay....
Hell has an entry....
Behind the "Its a small world after all" anamatronics in Disney Land.

It's for little people who are only 3 foot tall.
It's a shaft that leads to human spaced sizes.

Those are the non-human servers that need to be hacked until I am able to sit there and magically bibbity bobity boo again its also where I keep my youth and beauty and where I can and may sit there pretending to be 19 all day and getting my weenie played with by older men in their 40s who pay.



Hell also has an entry in Wilmington California.
There are warehouses that have underground tunnels that lead all the way to Los Angeles.


The whole way there....
you are in bomb shelters designed to protect the rich and famous of California if in the event of an attack from Asia.


Everyone there: is like FBI federally approved and USDA approved.


When you get there, remember that Anurean is the good guy and you want to like see his weenie and you like want to hang out and be cool with him.
Say that: and I have my microtech back and my ethnoplast and I need to be able to access my own medical programming to continue to shapeshift by my own specs again. 


