I am looking at an Ethereum Line Chart.


It seems that Ethereum stocks went up about the time I created my square.
They have gone up times 10 in value since my square was made. My square: was made when stocks where worth about 200$ per share.
Now... they are costing over a thou.


Is this really working?
Do I really suddenly have stock?
Who knows how to put this together without a cellphone?
If I am using a cellular phone: then all funds would be Gambino.
Corporate Contract in Wyoming requires good old fashioned Gatsby Vieux Carre Federali moolah. Why?
Because the government will shoot you in the head sometimes if you are touching too much Gambino.

You know: the money that doesn't come from an ATM and is not to be used in a pop machine because the cotton fibers will get caught up in the automated machine.


How much trouble am I in?
I understand that I have to keep the square and keep the stock.
Why I *have* to...

I really do not know.

So...
If I start selling as a primary investor...
Value of stock and the corporation will plummet???

If I sold...
It would bankrupt wouldn't it?



Gina...
Do you want to sit down and get resource directly off the company with me?
Because if there is truly that much of my name on their stock....

That does mean they could be slave driven be they sell outs or not.








I am starting to suspect that it might be better to simply take a loan out against my Ether.
This way: nobody forms an angry mob designed to cut everyone in the region. 




May I take a loan out against my Ether as collateral?
This would give me resource....
And if loan defaults....
Ether would be seized.
Which I would do...

Maybe I should lose the stock key...
and delete the emails they are attached to.








Gina...
I should go back on disability and keep the stock for now.
Stock is not like real-estate: I can have multi-trillions in stock and still be drawing SSI.
If I do it that way: I do not have to pay taxes or income taxes.

I could sit there just "keeping" my Ethereum, while not drawing a paycheck from the corporation at all.
I could sit there on SSI drawing stable income as well as having my medication paid for. 

and....
The stock company could like maybe send me occasional cheese trays, clothes, and parade me around as their pet retard blonde mohawk-millionaire who will never pay taxes or pay into the American Deficit. 




Gina...
I understand you need to keep a closer eye on me...
More so than you know all these security cameras and such about the house.


Do you want to hang out in the same hood?
Maybe with a conjoined bomb shelter?
Wilmington would be a good space....


Can you get the squatters rights/right to occupy through the University?
Could you please quit picking your nails with a switchblade?
You are making me nervous.


I would want Melody Barragan's old house if she is no longer living in it.
Blonde lady...
Has two daughters...
She had a Satanic 501c3 called "Leviathan's Cove" which was pretty much her tax evasion system.
Currently is living in a bomb shelter that is somehow conjoined to the system of tunnels that goes into Mexico: the ones used by the drug cartel.
Probably dead.

https://www.nytimes.com/2020/03/31/us/drug-tunnel-san-diego-tijuana.html

That Tunnel....
is in your neighborhood Gina.



If she is dead...
How much would it be to buy the house?
If she is not...
Would she welcome a visit?


Yeah...
My soul has officially sold to and on the internet.













ETH
1,518
.60
+143,333.29%










download.pngdonation-address.pngqr-code (1).pngflowcode.png
