Where you at Yuko?
We should hang out.

You should visit the United States and I should give you my email account after downloading important content.

How much Ethereum do we have here?
How do I plug this stock into a cell?

Now that ETH is being traded evenly in the USA...
everyone holding it should be in prison or will be soon.


Why?
Because it is pretty much an Asian Stock.
I found out about it through Asian Networks while connected to the Multnomah County Library.
The internet in Portland Oregon: frequently allowed me to hack into Asian Networks as well as Federal Networks.
You know, Wi-Fi off the FBI.

The USA....
Cannot lawfully hold Asian Stock.
Ethereum???
How Asian is it Yuko?


I am not even supposed to legally touch the technologies that allowed me to buy such stock.
Truth be told: it is all 100% a crime in the USA, however everyone is doing it.
There is a cellphone tower in Vancouver Washington next to the Court House.
That is an act of corporate war against the USA: building such a tower in the United States.

It is 100% connected to my email....
There is a key to it...
It functions like a stock receipt.

However I have not touched it "yet" and nobody else has either.

Holding such stock: will kill an American in a heartbeat. Usually within a day.



Why you no longer wearing pearls?
You still have pearls?
Clutch your pearls....

Put them in your poontang if you have to.
The world is like that these days Yuko.

i.ocula.com/anzax/b6/b67fccc8-6cd3-4e20-8dce-1a...
Yuko Hasegawa. Sharjah March Meeting 2012




Let's trade....
I will give you my email....
Which is connected to this stock...
Stock that will kill me for spending money associated with it....
and the American persons buying it for me...
even the movie rights to everything in it....

In exchange for....


I win all my lawsuits....
All this crap is bought for me....
and....

Butterbrickle and Happy are replaced.
Both where rare animals: from Loveland: mostly bred by half bred Mohawks.
Both where mixed mongrels of their own breed....
Which where not recognized as a breed.



https://www.amazon.com/hz/wishlist/genericItemsPage/CF6T8QC8S46D
